About Me:
    "I'm a Computer Scientist who enjoys designing and building new things."

        Latest Experience:          Data Science Intern @ Renault F1
            Start-Date:             Aug 2019
            End-Date:               None
        Degree:                     MEng Computer Science @ UCL
            Expected-Graduation:    July 2021
        Current City:               Oxford
        Email:                      dilan@dilanp.com
        Resume:                     resume.pdf
        Socials:                    @aguynameddilan

Skills:
    Communication:
        I am a confident speaker who is able to effectively share ideas with audiences of any size. Through previous
        experience, I am capable of communicating new or complex ideas both verbally and visually.

    Organisation:
        I am a well organised individual capable of working towards deadlines and maintaining a structured work flow.

    Teamwork:
        I am able to collaborate on projects effectively as part of a team. I am able to confidently share my thoughts and
        am able to adjust to new work scenarios efficiently.

    Programming Languages:
        I am proficient in a number of programming languages including C, Java and Python. I am also able to quickly
        learn and adapt to languages and technologies I have not used before if necessary for new challenges.

Previous Experience:
    Software Engineer Intern @ Urban Mobility Labs
    (Jun 2019-Aug 2019, London)
        Lead the development of realistic pedestrian simulation software using the Unity game engine. Contributed
        to the creation of realistic 3D environments and control systems for the development of transport planning systems.
            > Created core scripts for pedestrian behaviours.
            > Responsible for documentation of progress and major milestones.
            > Released first build of software showcasing key framework for future developments.

    Engineering Tutor @ UCL
    (Sep 2017 - Jun 2019, London)
        Worked as a mathematics and physics tutor supporting GCSE students prepare for exams. Work involved planning tailored,
        1-on-1 sessions for students to enhance their understanding of complex subjects and ensure understanding of core ideas.
            > Helped students improve from predicted grade C to grade A.
            > Provided insights into STEM subjects at higher education levels.


    Software Developer @ Microsoft Cities Unlocked
    (Sep 2017 - Jun 2018)
        Assisted in the development of an iOS augmented reality game for the visually impaired in collaboration with Microsoft.
        Contributed throughout the development cycle, including user requirement formation, prototyping, and deployment of final
        solution.
            > Developed iOS front-end for the application.
            > Documented progress through bi-weekly reports presented to Microsoft.
            > Extensive research into solution space and effective app creation.

Education:
    MEng Computer Science @ UCL
    (Jun 2016 - Present, London)
        Relevant Classes:
            > Principle of Programming
            > Object-Oriented Programming
            > Discrete Mathematics for Computer Scientists
            > Computer Architecture and Concurrency
            > Logic and Database Theory
            > Software Engineering and Human Computer Interaction
            > Compilers
            > Computability and Complexity Theory
            > Computer Systems
            > Networked Systems
            > Machine Learning for Behavioural Analytics: Predicting Human Behaviour
